Title: Development Networking Program

----

Text: 

After a successful 2013 program, SLSNSW is excited to announce the opening of applications for the 2014 Development Networking Program!

The Development Networking Program offers the opportunity for members 18-25 years old from all areas of the organisation to participate in an action packed weekend filled with networking opportunities, workshops, high energy discussions, personal development and key speakers. The program focuses on developing individuals and exploring the skills and talents they bring to Surf Life Saving in a fun and supportive environment.

The 3 day event is all about getting together our Surf Life Saving leaders of the future, giving them a platform to discuss issues that affect them and most importantly, the chance to meet like-minded people from other clubs to foster strong inter-club and branch relationships for the future.

The program is free for participants with all expenses covered by SLSNSW. It will run from the afternoon of 21 November through to the afternoon of Sunday the 23 November. Held right in the heart of Sydney at the Sydney Harbour YHA in The Rocks, participants are able to soak up the vibrant atmosphere and iconic views that central Sydney has to offer. In addition to this program being run at no cost to participants, SLSNSW will also cover the costs of flights for participants travelling from Far North, North Coast, Mid North, Lower North, South Coast and Far South Coast Branches.

Participants must be between 18 and 25 years of age and be current and financial members of a club. We are looking for people who have a passion for Surf Life Saving and would utilise the opportunity to develop and network their personal development pathways. Participants from all areas of Surf Life Saving are welcome and we encourage diversity amongst applicants’ strengths and interests.

To apply for the program;
(1.) Complete the registration form with all the requisite information;
(2.) Get your club to endorse your application;
(3.) Submit your applications to your branch offices or representatives; and
(4.) Branches must submit endorsed applications (preferably by email) to SLSNSW, marked attention to Larissa Cowlrick, Junior and Youth Development Officer, and applicants will be contacted regarding their application’s status.

Applications to SLSNSW close **Monday 20 October 2014**.

Branches will be allocated two positions in the program and we ask that each branch rank additional applicants in preferential order. Ideally each branch will be represented by one male and one female participant. Positions not filled by any branch will be re-allocated to the most promising applicants from other branches based on SLSNSW assessment and the branch’s recommendations.

If you have any questions about the 18-25 Development Networking Program, please contact Larissa on (02) 9471 8034 or via email on <lcowlrick@surflifesaving.com.au>.

(link: http://www.surflifesaving.com.au/news/circular-3371-18-25-development-networking-program/3371_memberservices_18-25-development-networking-program.pdf text: Click here [and scroll down] for the Registration Form)

----

Tags: news

----

Date: 2014-10-07

----

Image: 