Title: New Lifesaving Agreement – Sign it or Not?

----

Text: 

Surf Life Saving NSW (SLSNSW) has issued a draft Lifesaving Agreement for us to consider for the next three seasons (2015/16 – 2017/18).

The agreement that has just expired required us to do Saturday patrols for the Christmas holiday period (6 weeks) from 12pm to 3pm (3 hours) with a minimum of 3 Bronze Medallion holders & no requirement for an IRB.

The new draft agreement requires us to continue to do Saturday patrols for the same 6 week period from 11am to 3pm (4 hours) with a minimum of 3 Bronze Medallion holders & no requirement for an IRB.

We conducted Saturday patrols during the previous agreement period in an ad hoc way by covering these patrols, predominantly with Active Reserves, Long Service & Life Members. Due to several reasons, this hasn’t worked effectively, mainly because of patrol member unavailability (work, holidays, carnivals, etc.). We have, on several occasions, run the risk of disciplinary action including competition bans, etc.

We reluctantly signed the previous lifesaving agreement after a lengthy discussion about the requirement to do Saturday patrols. During these discussions, we resolved to revisit the issue of Saturday patrols prior to signing a new agreement.

At several meetings during the past 2 seasons I have discussed Saturday patrols with Surf Life Saving Illawarra & Surf Life Saving NSW. With the support of our Club Committee, I have been pressing hard for no Saturday patrols to no avail.

I believe that we should not have to do Saturday patrols for several reasons, with the main reason being that during this period, Wollongong City Council allocate 3 professional Lifeguards to our beach. Considering the other resources at the Lifeguard’s disposal e.g. mobile Lifeguard Supervisor, Lifeguards at neighbouring beaches & Lifeguard Jet Skis at several Illawarra beaches, our input is duplicated & unnecessary. Considering this, I believe that we should stand up to SLSNSW & not sign this agreement in its current form. Interestingly, several clubs in our Branch have been granted exemption from Saturday patrols in their new draft agreement.

For such an important issue, with a fair bit at stake, the Club Committee & I should not make this decision on our own. You as patrolling members of our Club should discuss this issue further & then decide on our position. After all, if we agree to sign, every patrolling member will have to share the additional load of Saturday patrols as they will become another rostered patrol. Alternatively, if we refuse to sign the agreement, SLSNSW may impose competition bans, withhold funding, etc. Therefore I am calling an urgent & highly important meeting of all patrolling members to be held at the Surf Club on Monday 6 July at 7:30pm – your attendance is required.

If you are unable to attend, please let me know ASAP & I would also appreciate you providing me with your opinion on the new draft Lifesaving Agreement.

Regards
Carty

----

Tags: news,patrols

----

Date: 2015-07-01

----

Featimage: 