Title: Nippers Volunteers Needed

----

Text: 

From Nippers March Past Coach Lisa Cox:

Hi there Nippers and families,

Nipper Help NeededI would like to ask everyone to consider if they are able to help out with anything in the coming nippers season. Please don’t be scared of offering your help, there will be a lot of people doing things for the first time and there will be help and support.

Even if you would like to assist a person that is holding a committee position, that would be fantastic.

The reason I am asking is, that due to people moving on we have Committee positions to fill.

The positions we need to fill are: Chairperson, Secretary, Registrar assistant, Branch Delegate & Rookies Coordinator plus Age Managers for U6, U7, U8, U9, U10, U12.

A small group have already met this off season and organised registration day. The details are on the nippers website corrimalnippers.com so we are off to a start.

If you have any questions about what the positions involve, please give me a call on 0422 666 056 and I can get answers for you. If you think you could assist us with one of these roles please come along to our meeting upstairs at Corrimal Surf Club, Thursday 16th July 7pm. If you would like to assist someone in the role and learn what they do, please let us know by coming as well.

I’ve been involved with Corrimal surf club for 9 years and have held the roles of Age Manager, March Past Assistant and Coach. I have had a great time so far and am so proud of the club. The club wont run by itself and we know the more people that help, the easier it is for everyone.

A big Thank you to the people that have already stepped up to help organise registration day and season dates. We have some amazing people in our club, and we would love to have a great team this season so that our kids have the best of everything.

So enough from me…we would love to see you on Thursday 16th July to help organise our committee.

Here’s to a great season ahead…

Cheers,
Lisa

----

Tags: nippers

----

Date: 2015-06-28

----

Featimage: 